BUG-50762 초안 올립니다. (#485)
ALTIBASE/Documents: Manuals/Altibase_7.1/eng/Replication Manual.md

  ALTER TABLE table_name ADD CONSTRAINT constraint_name UNIQUE ( column_name );
  ALTER TABLE table_name ADD CONSTRAINT constraint_name UNIQUE ( column_name ) LOCAL;
  ALTER TABLE table_name RENAME CONSTRAINT constraint_name TO constraint_name;
  ALTER TABLE table_name DROP CONSTRAINT constraint_name; // Constraints including Unique or Local Unique can be deleted 
  
  CREATE UNIQUE INDEX index_name ON table_name ( column_name );
  CREATE INDEX index_name ON table_name ( expression );
  DROP INDEX index_name; //Unique or function-base index can be deleted
  ```

#### Description

Altibase supports the execution of DDL statements on replication target tables. However, the following property settings must be set

-   The REPLICATION_DDL_ENABLE property must be set to 1.
-   The REPLICATION_DDL_ENABLE_LEVEL to the desired level.
-   ALTER SESSION SET REPLICATION as DEFAULT.
-   The target table should be locked by the LOCK TABLE...UNTIL NEXT DDL statement in order to execute SPLIT PARTITION, MERGE PARTITION, and DROP PARTITION on a replication target table. Moreover, the data should be checked to identify since there would be a replication gap between the local and remote server.

> If the SPLIT, MERGE, or DROP is executed on a replication target partition, the identical replication partition is automatically removed or added to the local or remote server.

Author: 이부분.. 이승원 팀장님 확인필요해보입니다. 여긴 ddl 복제가 아니라서, 직접 삭제하라는 이야기인데,, 자동으로 생성되거나 제거된다..라는 문장으로 여기 뿐만 아니라 7.3에도 작성되어 있었네요... 일단 이승원 팀장님 확인필요

Author: 이승원 팀장님확인했구요. 이런말입니다.
국문) 이중화 대상인 파티션을 SPLIT, MERGE, DROP시 원격 서버에도 동일한 이름으로 파티션을 생성 하거나 삭제 하여야 하며, 새로 생성된 되거나 삭제된 파티션은 자동으로 이중화 대상인 파티션으로 추가되거나 제거된다.

다시말해.
1.이중화 대상인 파티션을 SPLIT, MERGE, DROP시 원격 서버에도 동일한 이름으로 파티션을 생성 하거나 삭제 하여야 하며 -> 1.이중화 대상인 파티션을 SPLIT, MERGE, DROP시 원격 서버에도 동일한 DDL 구문을 수행해야 한다.

2. 새로 생성된 되거나 삭제된 파티션은 자동으로 이중화 대상인 파티션으로 추가되거나 제거된다. -> 원문유지

즉, 영문은
When user split, merge, drop the replication target partition, user must perform same ddl statements. And, a newly created or deleted partitions are automatically added or removed as a replication target partition.

Author: ```suggestion
If user executes the SPLIT, MERGE, or DROP PARTITION on a replication target partition, user must execute the same DDL statements on remote servers. And, a newly create or deleted partitions are automatically  added or removed as a replication target partition.
```

> If the SPLIT, MERGE, or DROP is executed on a replication target partition, the identical replication partition is automatically removed or added to the local or remote server.

Author: ```suggestion
If the SPLIT, MERGE, or DROP is executed on a replication target partition, a partition with the same name must be created or deleted on the remote server and a newly created or deleted partition is automatically added or removed as a replication target partition.
```
